Hi Richard

Can you help me out with my off axis projection demo please?

Basically I need you to use this plugin:

https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/camera/camera-off-axis-projection-142595

I want the player to be inside a building with a window out on a
landscape such as a city.  You can actually be in mid air because you
never see behind the window.

The window frame matches the rectangle from the off axis projection.  So
think of it that your monitor/tv actually represents the view out of the
window.  It changes depending on the angle you are looking at your
display.  So if you are looking from the right hand side you can see
more of the left side out of the window.  Just like a real window.

I've attached City.png to illustrate what I mean. (He didn't...)

So the demo comes in 2 parts....

1) A POC just like the attached image.  Hard code the distance to x2 the
width of the display/window.  So when testing I will only stand that
distance.  I will send the angles through using a joypad left analog
stick x axis.  -1 = -90degrees and +1 = +90 degrees, 0 equals centre. 
You can test by moving a joypad in line with your movement and the
display should give the correct adjusting view out on the lanscape.

2) Add in the Y Axis too which should be simple.  Add in some super
simple game, so something flying from side to side that you can shoot. 
A dragon, a plane...whatever.  As soon as it is shot another one can fly
in and start flying around randomly.  No need to keep score or anything.
  You shoot where the mouse cursor is.  I don't know if that is as easy
as usual or whether you need to do raytracing based on your view. 
Finally I will dynamically pass you the distance back using the right
hand analog X axis.  0 -> 1 where 1 represents 10 times the width of the
display.

For now I'm more interested in deliverable 1 so I can inspire myself to
hook up the 3d functionality correctly.  I'm hoping you could do
deliverable 1 maybe in an evening.

Let me know what you think.  It's quite complex to get your head around
so let me know if none of it makes sense.

I think I've sent them before but here is 2 videos illustrating the
effect I'm going for:

2 minutes 42 seconds into this:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jd3-eiid-Uw

https://medium.com/@michel.brisis/off-axis-projection-in-unity-1572d826541e

Thanks

Andy